Outside, the rain poured 'splat, splat, splat'.  It was nothing signifant, compa
red with the Indian monsoons that she would twirl around in Marine Drive in Bomb
ay during her early childhood summers.  It was April and this was rain in New Yo
rk, in one of those suburban pockets tucked in close to the city.

Nevertheless, if she could not twirl in it, she could dwell on this rain;  she c
ould ponder about him and sit by her windowsill and pen down her thoughts.  It w
as her closest attempt to re-experience something at the hands of Mother Nature.
  After all, so many of her favorite Indian movies--that were part of Bollywood,
 India's version of Hollywood--spun romantic tales, with heroes and heroines dan
cing merrily to the "splats" of the raindrops and drumming of the thunder.  Some
 of that dancing, with its frequent hops, skips, and jumps, and swinging around
trees reminded her of monkeys dancing yonder. 

Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived, and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting-place for those who here gave their lives, that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. But, in a larger sense, we cannot dedicate, we cannot consecrate—we cannot hallow—this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."

